{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10002\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf480
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 Geneva;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10500\viewh7200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 How To Write Resume in English
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa360\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs20 \cf0 Writing a resume in English can be very different than in your native tongue. The following how to outlines a standard resume format.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 Difficulty Level: Hard \'ca\'ca\'ca\'ca Time Required: 2 hours
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Here's How:
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs20 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}First, take notes on your work experience - both paid and unpaid, full time and part time. Write down your responsibilities, job title and company information. Include everything!\
{\listtext	2.	}Take notes on your education. Include degree or certificates, major or course emphasis, school names and courses relevant to career objectives.\
{\listtext	3.	}Take notes on other accomplishments. Include membership in organizations, military service and any other special accomplishments.\
{\listtext	4.	}From the notes, choose which skills are transferable (skills that are similar) to the job you are applying for - these are the most important points for your resume.\
{\listtext	5.	}Begin resume by writing your full name, address, telephone number, fax and email at the top of the resume.\
{\listtext	6.	}Write an objective. The objective is a short sentence describing what type of work you hope to obtain.\
{\listtext	7.	}Begin work experience with your most recent job. Include the company specifics and your responsibilities - focus on the skills you have identified as transferable.\
{\listtext	8.	}Continue to list all of your work experience job by job progressing backwards in time. Remember to focus on skills that are transferable.\
{\listtext	9.	}Summarize your education, including important facts (degree type, specific courses studied) that are applicable to the job you are applying for.\
{\listtext	10.	}Include other relevant information such as languages spoken, computer programming knowledge etc. under the heading: Additional Skills\
{\listtext	11.	}Finish with the phrase: REFERENCES Available upon request\
{\listtext	12.	}Your entire resume should ideally not be any longer than one page. If you have had a number of years of experience specific to the job you are applying for, two pages are also acceptable.\
{\listtext	13.	}Spacing: ADDRESS (center of page in bold) OBJECTIVE double space EXPERIENCE double space EDUCATION double space ADDITIONAL SKILLS double space REFERENCES. Left align everything except name/address. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Tips:
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs20 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Use dynamic action verbs such as: accomplished, collaborated, encouraged, established, facilitated, founded, managed, etc.\
{\listtext	2.	}Do NOT use the subject "I", use tenses in the past. Except for your present job. Example: Conducted routine inspections of on site equipment. }